Now let's get straight to work and make the necessary database schema changes so as we said currently
the pivot table has the blog post I.D. column and it has to have toggle I.D. and tag of all type.
We also have to change the blog post tag table name to tag bulls.
So if you are wondering why do we have to do it.
I will of course explain that in this very lecture but now let's see what we have to do.
So we have blog post I.D. column and this has to have targetable I.D. and our target ball type columns
instead.
So first let's actually create this migration.
I will explain each step we have to take and why we have to take it.
And then finally I will explain why the table name has to be called tag balls.
Also I will show you how lot of figures out the correct table name for the pivot table.
So this should be very clear at the end of this lecture so the first step we have to take is to create
our new migration.
So let's generated using artisan peach bee artisan make migration we will call that rename block post
dark table to target walls to make sure we will have boilerplate.
Let let's specify the table will be working from the beginning.
This is blog post tag.
Now run this generator.
And what we have right now is the new migration generated for us.
Let's close everything for now.
So we are starting with the blog post talk table which happens to be exactly the table that we currently
have.
So we not only have to rename it we will also remove some columns from it.
So first we drop the foreign key for the blog post using array notation.
So a lot of I'll figure this out.
What is that correct.
The full name of this foreign key blog post I.D..
Now we'll be having separate blocks of this kind schema table.
And we'll do a couple of steps along the way.
So why don't we first rename the table.
The problem is that when you will rename the table and then you will use drop flooring with the array
notation Lavell will try to use the current table name to figure out what is the actual foreign key
name.
So if you will rename the table well the foreign key will actually have the old name.
So let's take a look how those keys or even indexes are named.
So what you see here is the key name is block postdoc block post Ida index.
The other key is blog posts dog I.D. index.
So those names actually have to be given for my sequel database but lateral handles that for us.
And when you will rename a table the name of the key won't change.
And this is a problem if you would first rename the table and then try to drop a foreign key.
Lot of it will get lost.
It will try to delete a foreign key that doesn't exist.
So I hope that's clear.
Now we have to drop the column so always we drop the foreign key first then the column blog post I.D..
Now at this point we have removed the foreign key and a column.
So now we can rename the tables.
So how do you rename a table using larval migration.
So there is another method inside the schema for seed and it's called rename.
So nothing scientific you might have guessed that.
So we rename that block post talk table.
That's the first argument the original table and the second one is the new name.
So did the new name of this table would be Tiger balls.
So you are probably probably wondering how did I even come up with this Tiger Woods table name.
Of course I will show you that on an example why we have given this table name and how larval figures
out what should be the name for the pivot table.
So don't worry about this just yet.
Finally we'll work with our new table.
So since it is now called Tiger tangibles.
We will create those two morph fields that we need.
So terrible idea and Tiger bold type so let's define that closure manually.
So blueprint table and our closure.
And what we need to add at this point is table morphs and stackable.
So this matches with the prefix of the morph columns that we have came up here.
So remember that this can be anything just so you know what morph column prefix you have used for a
table because we we would have to later specify that when we will be defining the relationship on the
models.
Now the other side of this migration.
So if we would like to roll back this this is also not so simple.
So let's try to implement the other side of this migration.
So at this point when this migration was Rahm we no longer had a blog post doc table we have Tiger balls.
So first what we will have to do is we have to drop morphs.
So we do table drop morphs Tiger bowl now also notice why we are doing this specifically on the Tiger
bowls table here inside the up method and not just adding the two morph columns straight ahead and then
only rename the table.
This is also important because then morphs also creates a key which happens to be based also on the
table name.
So if I would do something like this I will create those two columns immediately on the blog post table.
Then if someone will roll back this migration and here I also use this helper method drop morphs it
will try to figure out the index name using the table name.
So if I create that those two columns.
When I was working with a blog post table then of will now try to figure out what's the key name using
the current table name which happens to be tugboats at this point and obviously it will fail because
there won't be any index with this name.
At this point so it might be complicated but I hope you agree with me that this actually makes a lot
of sense.
So that's the first that we have to do we had to drop this morph columns.
Only then we can rename back the table from Target balls to blog post.
Doug So at this point the table is already renamed.
Now we'll have to recreate this blog post idea column inside our table.
So not to fail with any foreign keys that will we might be having because we won't have a default value.
What we can also use from the schema is we can disable foreign key constraints so we will be able to
safely debug a foreign key.
And even if you if would have incorrect values this just won't fail.
So this isn't really a case that you will use on your production environment.
I highly doubt so but we are just learning so let's just see every possibility now after disabling this
foreign key checks we will have to re enable them so we do that at the very end and between those two
calls will actually recreate the blog post idea column so let's copy this blog so this will be easier
for us.
We work on that blog post top table now.
Now let's recreate the columns so it is unsigned integer blog post i.e. we're on the index.
So this is how we originally have defined this column.
Now we create Frankie blog post idea is the name it references the idea column on
block underscore posts stable and if you remember correctly we also had our cascade rule.
So when this is deleted we we should also cascade
so actually when a blog posts would be deleted.
This would also remove our role from the blog posts time so we won't have any dead associations.
Like if our blog post had any talks previously.
So now when our blog post is deleted obviously you do not need all the associations from this original
blog post to our tag.
So we just do our cascade on a database level.
Now I know that we actually have solved deletes for a blog post but this is just good to know.
Anyway we have defined this relation to be like that originally.
So let's recreate it how it was.
So now look let's reopen the terminal and we can run this migrations so BHP artisan migrate and now
let's check if the schema has actually changed.
So there is a blog post stock table but when I refresh it's now tagged bowls and it doesn't have a blog
post I.D. column anymore.
Instead it has tugboat type and toggle I.D. so you can see that it's all there and also the key name
is proper Okay so now let's see why.
I actually have called this table Tugger bowls so I will show it to you on an an example.
Now let's see how we came up with this table name tag doubles.
So for that let's open the target model.
We see there is a relation which is old one we will modify that only in the next lecture.
But just to understand where did we came up with this table name.
Let's modify it right now for a second.
So instead of belongs to menu will use morph to many.
This is how we do it with many too many polymorphic.
You can see it highlights an error because we require this morph column.
So it is huggable as you can see here
now.
We'll have to get inside this method.
So hold out key and click on it.
So let's ignore everything up to this point.
So now here Lavell tries to tries to figure out the table name.
So actually there is a further argument inside more of too many where you can specify what is what is
the actual pivot table name.
But if you want to do that then Lara Val tries to figure out what should be the table name on itself.
So since we haven't specified a table name what Lavell will do is it will take this second parameter
the morph column prefix name and try to plurals it using the as the are class plural method.
So to actually see this in action let's open Tinker.
So let's round peach bee artisan thinker.
So in this case we'll actually have to specify our fully qualified class name.
And that's the namespace for that as the error class.
Let's copy and paste up
coldest this method on targetable
and this is what we get Tiger bowls so this isn't actually a magical thing.
This is just one of the larval internal classes that you can also use in your code.
So this is how it figures out where or how it should call this table.
So if you do not specify it it's it just tries to generate a plural version of the morph column prefix.
Now let's also see couple of more examples of this.
So paste this again and imagine that we'll have more column called Image able and this is what larval
would come up with for a comment table.
It will do comments bowls if you have something fancy like comment.
It will generate comments.
So this is how it works.
It's actually it has some magic in it but just so you know whenever you are not really sure what table
name to use for the migration you can just run.
This is the error plural on the morph prefix and you will know what larval will assume is the table
name.